# AEROSP 481 Team 3: Libellula
Codebase for aero 481 team project

How to use:

enter what type of aircraft you would like to design first.

This generates a base aircraft struct which will store all of the rest of the parameters generated by the code.

Aircraft will continually be passed into functtions as a method of transfering data.

Each generate function will return aircraft. aircraft will be set equal to the result as a method of updating the struct.
Generate functions will run their own scripts to calculate new values. If the value is not calculated, it should be 
placed into the generate_RFP_params function

You then input the mission you would like to generate.

generate_XX_mission files use arrays to track each segment. Each index of an arrray corresponds to one segment
For example, index 1 = takeoff. Every item of index 1 in mission arrays will have a value corresponding to takeoff

These arrays can then be passed into the ff function and iterated through generally, allowing any mission to be passed
into this function.

ff gets saved and then togw is calculated using this ff.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR RUNNING:

Open sizing.m and run.

Type in "c" and "dca" to run a custom aircraft for the dca mission.

The assignment 5 task is run in the function "plot_TS_space.m" in the PrelimSizing folder

The first iteration of calculating the TOGW occurs on line 32 of "T_from_S_constraint.m" in the PrelimSizing folder

The TOGW as a function of S is calculated in the function "togw_as_func_of_T_S_calc.m" in the Weights folder

w_0 is updated on line 65 of this function.